and come back with a new video very
interesting and we have news
about minecraft 0.12 points 0 this and
well first of all I will say that
the windows 10 version came out and they
will come with the videos here from others
youtubers so they can see it and
analyze it and see if after
they downloaded because he is not playing in it
because the truth is very comfortable but I
I do not know why my bad luck that fart
I do not know but the beta itself already
download itself but already the click the
computer I do not accept it
another thing this morning this topic partners and
he sent a tweet where he said that the
version 0.12 was going to come out the truth is
I do not know if it was true or not so
I made this video because the doubts and yes it is
true good only of the video is for
that they inform themselves saying in account of
that the best will come out and if not then not
I do nothing after this and if it comes out
already uploaded the video and if not cut I'll
to review the groups and if there is
groups of betatesters I leave here
in the video they go back to see if they
minorite see it several times for good
reviewing the description of the video this
to see if they add new things and
said the betatesters group is going to
be if the beta is going to come out
because you have been doing well for a while now and where
they had the link but I do not know if it was true
that always put in but if they look in
youtube many things from windows 10 is
the same version only that they add
things for him
android but the minutes without voice itself
it's the same thing that's going to come out in the
phone and I'm going to leave you two videos
that is from layún world monster drive and from
Ivan gameplays demos universe leaves these
videos so they can see version 0.2 and now
that it can not be me and because they
leave the download with greetings stay
here the type of download how to do it and
let's wait for 012 the truth is very good
it also cost us to be inserting channel
but do they care about 012 so in
when it comes out it's done for android I know
I bring them, they know their operations and it's
which is also for 2.3 points 6 in
android and if not then I only had them
the normal versions and you know no
we are back here we will be here
wanting you with steels 2 to see if
we can get something so they have
good morning congratulations because the truth
is that I was not a good I did not
understands the computer no
he learned and well that is to say everything in this
video I hope you like the lac if you
taste
more information more things will be in the
channel in the description is elected
If I find things from the veins
or something like that and if the main draw comes out
they know they have their video so
thanks for watching this video and see you
the next time goodbye